README.md, before:

# Lab for Learn Python the Hard Way

## Introduction
This repository contains (but not limited to) the exercises for the amazing book "Learn Python the Hard Way" by Zed A. Shaw. The exercises are organized in folders, one for each exercise. The folders contain the files with the code for the exercises.

### Disclaimer
The code in this repository isn't the original code from the book. It's my own code,
which I wrote while following the book. The code may contain errors, and it may not be the best way to solve the exercises.

You may also find some additional files in the folders that are not part of the book.
These files are there to help me understand the exercises better or even try different things for my own learning 
experience; so expect to find inconsistencies or even errors in the code.



## Appendix
### TO-DO
- [] Add Dotfiles
- [] Add How-to get the full lab up and running

### About the author
Óscar Heredia
[GitHub](https://github.com/oscher)
### Bibliography and references
* [Learn Python the Hard Way](https://learnpythonthehardway.org/book/)
* [Learn Python the Hard Way GitHub repository](https://github.com/zedshaw/learn-python3-thw-code)
* [Zed A. Shaw](https://zedshaw.com/)
* [Learn more Python the hard way GitHub repository](https://github.com/zedshaw/learn-more-python-the-hard-way-solutions)
* [Other Learn X the Hard Way](https://learncodethehardway.org/)
* [Other Zed Shaw's books](https://www.informit.com/imprint/series_detail.aspx?ser=3511331)

Commit message:

Add instructions to create the environment

README.md, after:

# Lab for Learn Python the Hard Way

## Introduction
This repository contains (but not limited to) the exercises for the amazing book "Learn Python the Hard Way" by Zed A. Shaw. The exercises are organized in folders, one for each exercise. The folders contain the files with the code for the exercises.

### Disclaimer
The code in this repository isn't the original code from the book. It's my own code,
which I wrote while following the book. The code may contain errors, and it may not be the best way to solve the exercises.

You may also find some additional files in the folders that are not part of the book.
These files are there to help me understand the exercises better or even try different things for my own learning 
experience; so expect to find inconsistencies or even errors in the code.

## How to use this repository
1. Clone the repository:`git clone https://github.com/OscHer/lpthw.git`
2. Change to the directory: `cd lpthw`
3. Get the environment up: `vagrant up`

### Dependencies
- [Vagrant](https://www.vagrantup.com/)
- [VirtualBox](https://www.virtualbox.org/) or other virtualization software supported by Vagrant
- [Git](https://git-scm.com/)

## Appendix
### TO-DO
- [] Add Dotfiles
- [] Add How-to get the full lab up and running

### About the author
Óscar Heredia
[GitHub](https://github.com/oscher)
### Bibliography and references
* [Learn Python the Hard Way](https://learnpythonthehardway.org/book/)
* [Learn Python the Hard Way GitHub repository](https://github.com/zedshaw/learn-python3-thw-code)
* [Zed A. Shaw](https://zedshaw.com/)
* [Learn more Python the hard way GitHub repository](https://github.com/zedshaw/learn-more-python-the-hard-way-solutions)
* [Other Learn X the Hard Way](https://learncodethehardway.org/)
* [Other Zed Shaw's books](https://www.informit.com/imprint/series_detail.aspx?ser=3511331)
